Added ability to disable blobs saving for blocks (#119)
wealdtech/chaind: README.md

  # refetch will refetch block data from a beacon node even if it has already has a block
  # in its database.
  # refetch: false

>   # blob.enable will fetch and save blobs for block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # blobs.enable will fetch and save blobs for blocks
```

>   blob:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  blobs:
```
